Review of some pages (#18)
dcb-events/dcb-events.github.io: docs/index.md

- one for each subscription to the course
- one for each subscription of the student

!!! info

>     Usually those queries wouldn't be "hard coded". Instead, they can be derived from an in-memory projection (aka "decision model") as demonstrated by some of the [Examples](examples/index.md)

Reviewer: rephrase: instead of "hard coded" something like "manually write queries, but automatically inferred from decision model definition

Reviewer: I added the note again, rephrased as discussed

Similar to a traditional Event Store, DCB can enforce consistency when persisting Events using <dfn title="Concurrency control mechanism that prevents conflicts by allowing multiple transactions to read and update data but checking for changes before committing. If another transaction has modified the data in the meantime, the update is rejected">Optimistic Locking</dfn>.

> However, unlike the traditional approach, DCB does not rely on streams/revisions. Instead, it passes the *same query* used to read Events for building the in-memory decision model, along with the position of the last Event stored when the client built the decision model. The DCB Event Store then ensures that no new Events matching the same query were added in the meantime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, unlike the traditional approach, DCB does not rely on streams/revisions. Instead, it passes the *same query* used to read Events for building the in-memory decision model, along with the position of the last Event seen by the client when building the decision model. The DCB Event Store then ensures that no new Events matching the same query were added in the meantime.
```

This can be compared to the "expected revision" mechanism of traditional Event Stores but does not require the Event Store to be split up into streams in order to allow for parallel, unrelated, writes.

## Getting started

Visit the [Examples](examples/index.md) section to explore various use cases for DCB.

The [Related topics](topics/index.md) section provides in-depth articles on additional subjects related to DCB.

> To begin using DCB, refer to the [Specification](specification.md) and [Libraries](resources/libraries.md) sections.

Reviewer: - To begin using DCB, refer to the [Libraries](resources/libraries.md) section.
- If you want to understand the underlying workings or create your own implementation, read the [Specification](specification.md)
